
(:TYPE :SYSTEM :NAME "clazy" :AUTHOR "Marco Antoniotti" :MAINTAINER NIL
 :VERSION NIL :LICENCE NIL :DESCRIPTION "The CLAZY System." :LONG-DESCRIPTION
 "The CLAZY System.

The CLAZY system (as in 'I must be CLAZY!') contains a set of
definitions useful for introducing lazy evaluation via lazy calls in
Common Lisp; i.e., CLAZY turns parts of Common Lisp into a non-strict
functional language."
 :DEPENDS-ON NIL :PACKAGE-LIST
 ((:TYPE :PACKAGE :NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :FULL-NAME
   "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :DOCUMENTATION
   "The Common Lisp Extensions Lazy Evaluation Package." :SYMBOL-LIST
   ((:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PARSE-ORDINARY-LAMBDA-LIST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "LAMBDA-LIST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
       NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Parses a lambda list and returns each group of arguments as a separate value.")
    (:TYPE :METHOD :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "INITIALIZE-INSTANCE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     (((:NAME "ULF" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "UNDEFINED-LAZY-FUNCTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
        :EXTERNALP T))
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "NAME" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&ALLOW-OTHER-KEYS" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :STRUCT :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LAZY-LAMBDA" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :SUPER-CLASS-LIST
     ((:NAME "STRUCTURE-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION "The Lazy Lambda Structure.

This structure is a wrapper around a LAMBDA representing the actual
lazy code.  Its main use is as a `type' used in discrimination.  The
slot CODE contains the actual lazy code, while the slot ARGLIST
containes the LAMBDA argilist.

The slots are read only. No `copier' is defined.  The instances are
`immutable'.

The constuctor is defined as MAKE-LAZY-LAMBDA (&optional CODE ARGLIST)
with appropriate defaults. The other usual functions automatically
generated by DEFSTRUCT work as expected."
     :SLOT-LIST
     ((:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "CODE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       :ACCESSORS NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "ARGLIST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       :ACCESSORS NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)))
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAKE-LAZY-LAMBDA" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
      NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "CODE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       ((:NAME "LAMBDA" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
        ((:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
         (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
        ((:NAME "DECLARE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
         ((:NAME "IGNORE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
          (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)))
        ((:NAME "ERROR" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
         ((:NAME "QUOTE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
          (:NAME "UNDEFINED-LAZY-LAMBDA" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
           :EXTERNALP NIL)))))
      ((:NAME "ARGLIST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       ((:NAME "QUOTE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
        ((:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
         (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)))))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :METHOD :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PRINT-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     (((:NAME "LL" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "LAZY-LAMBDA" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "S" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Special method for printing Lazy Lambda objects.

The printing uses the 'TAU-LAMBDA' as a prefix, since in Greek 'lazy'
is 'tempelis'; hence the 'tau' prefix.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TAU-LAMBDA" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ARGLIST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Creates a LAZY-LAMBDA.

This macro is the syntactic equivalent of the LAMBDA macro for
LAZY-LAMBDAs.  The name comes from the Greek 'tempelis', which means
'lazy'; hence the 'tau' prefix.")
    (:TYPE :STRUCT :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THUNK" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :SUPER-CLASS-LIST
     ((:NAME "STRUCTURE-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION "The Thunk Structure.

A wrapper for code fragments that will be evaluated after a delay.
Thunks can be created either directly by the macro MAKE-THUNK or by
the macro DELAY."
     :SLOT-LIST
     ((:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "CODE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       :ACCESSORS NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "FORM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       :ACCESSORS NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "TYPE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)))
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "%MAKE-THUNK%" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FORM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "CODE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :METHOD :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PRINT-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     (((:NAME "TH" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "THUNK" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "S" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAKE-THUNK" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "EXPR" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Expands into code that creates a thunk wrapping around EXPR.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "CREATE-VAR-THUNK-CALL-EXPANSION" :PACKAGE-NAME
      "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "VAR-NAME-THUNK" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
       NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "CREATE-THUNK-CALL-EXPANSION" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ARG-NAME" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "ARG-THUNK-NAME" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
       NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAKE-THUNK-SETUP-CODE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ARG" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "THUNKS-ENV" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Creates the actual code that sets up a thunk.

The thunk is actually a closure wrapping around two variables
maintaining the thunk memoization state.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DELAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "EXPRESSION" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Delays an EXPRESSION by wrapping it in a `thunk' (i.e. a closure).")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "FORCE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "THUNK" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Forces the evaluation of a THUNK.

If THUNK is a regular value it is returned as is.")
    (:TYPE :VARIABLE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "*WARN-IF-NON-LAZY-CALL-P*" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "If non-NIL the LAZY:CALL macro generates a warning when it resolves in a strict call."
     :INITIAL-VALUE "NIL")
    (:TYPE :VARIABLE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "*BREAK-IF-NON-LAZY-CALL-P*" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "If non-NIL the LAZY:CALL macro breaks when it resolves in a strict call."
     :INITIAL-VALUE "NIL")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LAMBDA-EXPRESSION-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "F" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "CALL" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "F" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "The LAZY:CALL macro generalizes FUNCALL in order to handle lazy functions.

The LAZY:CALL macro introduces lazy evaluation in Common Lisp.  The
LAZY:CALL form ensures that, if possible, a lazy version of the
function F is called, in which case all the arguments are
automatically `thunked'.  If no lazy version of F can be retrieved
then F is FUNCALLed in the normal, strict, way with no `thunking' of
the arguments.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LAZY-NAME" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "S" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Creates a symbol suitable for naming a lazy function.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LAZY-FUNCTION-NAME-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "S" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Checks if the symbol S names a lazy function.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "GET-LAZY-VERSION" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
      NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "F" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "ERRORP" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Retrieves the lazy version of a function named F.

If the lazy version does not exist and ERRORP is non-NIL an error of
type UNDEFINED-LAZY-FUNCTION is signalled.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     ((:NAME "SETF" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "GET-LAZY-VERSION" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
       NIL))
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "LF" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "NAME" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "RENAME-LAMBDA-VARS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ARGLIST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Traverses a (ordinary) lambda-list, making each argument ready for lazy evaluation.

The function returns a (ordinary) lambda list with each argument
appropriately renamed and ready to be thunked.  It also returns a list
of argument names and an a-list of argument name versus renamed
argument. 

Default parameters are treated correctly and thunked in the process;
keyword arguments are treated similarly, both in regular and in `extra
keyword' form.  &rest arguments are left untouched.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LAZY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FUNCTION-SPEC" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
       NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "ERRORP" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Transforms a function into a lazy equivalent.

The LAZY macro is akin to the FUNCTION special operator.
The function specified in FUNCTION-SPEC can be a symbol, a lambda
expression or a FUNCTION special form.  The macro operates at the
syntactic level.  The result is a function which may evaluate its
arguments in a lazy way.  This is achieved by ensuring that each
argument is automatically interpreted as a 'thunk'.

If FUNCTION-SPEC is a symbol which names a lazy function (cfr.
LAZY-FUNCTION-NAME-P) then this is the result; if FUNCTION-SPEC is a
lambda expression then it is `lazyfied'.  The same happens if
FUNCTION-SPEC is of the form (FUNCTION (LAMBDA ...)).  If
FUNCTION-SPEC is of the form (FUNCTION <symbol>), then LAZY falls back
to the first case. In every other case, LAZY may yield a `regular'
function.

If ERRORP is non-NIL, an error of type INVALID-LAZY-ARGUMENT is
generated if there is no way to associate FUNCTION-SPEC to a
function; otherwise NIL is returned.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DEFLAZY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "NAME" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Defines a function while ensuring that a lazy version exists as well.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DEF-LAZY-FUNCTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
      T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "NAME" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Defines a lazy function.

The function assumes that each argument is passed as a `thunk', which
gets FORCEd as needed.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LET/LAZY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "BINDINGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "The macro operates like LET, but is delays the evaluation of the bindings.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ARGLIST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FUNCTION-DESIGNATOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :STRUCT :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LAZY-STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :SUPER-CLASS-LIST
     ((:NAME "STRUCTURE-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION "The Lazy Stream Structure.

The traditional implementation of SICP-like streams. The LAZY-STREAM
structure has a strict head and a lazy tail."
     :SLOT-LIST
     ((:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "HEAD" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
       :ACCESSORS NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "TAIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
       :ACCESSORS NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)))
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "%CONS-LAZY-STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
      NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "HEAD" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "TAIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
       ((:NAME "MAKE-THUNK" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :STRUCT :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LAZY-CONS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :SUPER-CLASS-LIST
     ((:NAME "LAZY-STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION "The Lazy Cons Structure.

The LAZY-CONS structure has both head and tail lazy.  It includes LAZY-STREAM."
     :SLOT-LIST NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "%CONS-LAZY-CONS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
      NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "HEAD" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "TAIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
       ((:NAME "MAKE-THUNK" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "CONS-STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "HEAD" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "TAIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Constructs a LAZY-STREAM, DELAYing the TAIL argument.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "HEAD" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "S" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Returns the first element of a SEQUENCE or a LAZY-STREAM.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TAIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "S" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Retirns the rest of a LIST or LAZY-STREAM.")
    (:TYPE :METHOD :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PRINT-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     (((:NAME "LS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "LAZY-STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "S" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :METHOD :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PRINT-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     (((:NAME "LS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "LAZY-CONS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "S" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "Lazy CONS" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "CAR-CDR" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "Lazy CAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "A-THUNK-145" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "Lazy CDR" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "A-THUNK-150" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "Lazy LIST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "REPEATEDLY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FN" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Returns a lazy list containing repeated applications of FN to ARGS.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SLACKING" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LAZILY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Ensures that lazy functions are called lazily with LAZY:CALL.

The macro code-walks BODY and whenever it finds an application that
has a lazily defined operator, then it rewrites such application with
LAZY:CALL.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DIVERGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION "A function that never returns.

It is equivalent to (LOOP).  It should not be called striclty: called
striclty: it will never terminate."))
   :EXTERNAL-SYMBOLS
   ((:NAME "LAZILY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DIVERGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LAZY-FUNCTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "INTEGERS-FROM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "REPEATEDLY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LAZY-STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DELAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "NATURALS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LAZY-STREAM-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "THUNK" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LAZY-LAMBDA" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TAIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "INVALID-LAZY-ARGUMENT" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "COPY-LAZY-STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
     T)
    (:NAME "LAZY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DEFLAZY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "UNDEFINED-LAZY-FUNCTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DEF-LAZY-FUNCTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
     T)
    (:NAME "CALL" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "MAKE-THUNK" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "FORCE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LAZY-LAMBDA-ARGLIST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LAZY-LAMBDA-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "THUNK-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LET/LAZY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LAZY-LAMBDA-CODE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP
     T)
    (:NAME "HEAD" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "THUNK-CODE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LAZY-CONS-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "CONS-STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LAZY-CONS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "SLACKING" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)))
  (:TYPE :PACKAGE :NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :FULL-NAME
   "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :DOCUMENTATION NIL :SYMBOL-LIST
   ((:TYPE :TYPE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SEQ-INDEX" :PACKAGE-NAME
      "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :TYPE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LIST-INDEX" :PACKAGE-NAME
      "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TAKE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "N" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SEQ" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Takes the first N elements of the sequence SEQ.

The result is a fresh sequence of the first N elements.  SEQ can be a
SEQUENCE or a LAZY-STREAM.  The type of the result is the same as the
type of SEQ if this is a SEQUENCE, otherwise it is a LIST.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DROP" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "N" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SEQ" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Drops the first N elements of the sequence SEQ.

The result is a fresh sequence of the last (- (length SEQ) N)
elements.  SEQ can be a SEQUENCE or a LAZY-STREAM.  The type of the
result is the same as the type of SEQ if this is a SEQUENCE, otherwise
it is a LAZY-STREAM or NIL (if dropping more items than the - finite -
length of the LAZY-STREAM).")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SPLIT-AT" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "N" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SEQ" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Returns two subsequences of SEQ split at the N-th element.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TAKE-WHILE" :PACKAGE-NAME
      "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "P" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SEQ" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Takes the first elements of the sequence SEQ that satisfy the predicate P.

SEQ can be a SEQUENCE or a LAZY-STREAM.  The type of the result is the
same as the type of SEQ if this is a SEQUENCE, otherwise it is a
LIST.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DROP-WHILE" :PACKAGE-NAME
      "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "P" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SEQ" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Drops the first elements of the sequence SEQ that satisfy the predicate P.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SPAN" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "P" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SEQ" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SEPARATE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "P" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SEQ" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TAILS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "SEQ" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TAKE-NTH" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "N" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SEQ" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ZIP" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "CONS-FUN" :PACKAGE-NAME
       "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SEQ1" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SEQ2" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "SEQS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DISTINCT" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
      :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "SEQ" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "KEYS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
       :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "TEST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
        :EXTERNALP NIL)
       ((:NAME "FUNCTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "EQL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
      ((:NAME "KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
        :EXTERNALP NIL)
       ((:NAME "FUNCTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "IDENTITY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
      (((:NAME "DISTINCTS-TABLE" :PACKAGE-NAME
         "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :EXTERNALP NIL)
        (:NAME "DST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
         :EXTERNALP NIL))
       ((:NAME "MAKE-HASH-TABLE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "TEST" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "TEST" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
         :EXTERNALP NIL)))
      (:NAME "&ALLOW-OTHER-KEYS" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Returns a generalized sequence of distinct elements.

If SEQ is a SEQUENCE then REMOVE-DUPLICATES is called.  If it is a
LAZY-STREAM then a new LAZY-STREAM is returned, with repeated elements
removed.  Key arguments are only TEST and KEY."))
   :EXTERNAL-SYMBOLS
   ((:NAME "DISTINCT" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "INFIXP" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DROP" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "SPLIT-AT" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "GROUP-BY" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DROP-WHILE" :PACKAGE-NAME
     "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "SPAN" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "STRIP-PREFIX" :PACKAGE-NAME
     "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "GROUP" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TAKE-WHILE" :PACKAGE-NAME
     "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "SUFFIXP" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "SEQ-INDEX" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "SEPARATE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "INITS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TAKE" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TAILS" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "PREFIXP" :PACKAGE-NAME "IT.UNIMIB.DISCO.MA.CL.EXT.SEQUENCES.LAZY"
     :EXTERNALP T)))))
