
(:TYPE :SYSTEM :NAME "periods" :AUTHOR NIL :MAINTAINER NIL :VERSION "0.0.2"
 :LICENCE NIL :DESCRIPTION
 "The intention of this code is to provide a convenient
set of utilities for manipulating times, distances between times, and
both contiguous and discontiguous ranges of time.  By combining these
facilities in various ways, almost any type of time expression is
possible."
 :LONG-DESCRIPTION NIL :DEPENDS-ON ("LOCAL-TIME" "SERIES") :PACKAGE-LIST
 ((:TYPE :PACKAGE :NAME "PERIODS" :FULL-NAME "PERIODS" :DOCUMENTATION NIL
   :SYMBOL-LIST
   ((:TYPE :VARIABLE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "*INPUT-TIME-FORMAT*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL :INITIAL-VALUE "\"%Y/%m/%d%| %H:%M:%S\"")
    (:TYPE :VARIABLE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "*OUTPUT-TIME-FORMAT*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL :INITIAL-VALUE "PERIODS:*INPUT-TIME-FORMAT*")
    (:TYPE :VARIABLE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "*DAYS-IN-MONTHS*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL :INITIAL-VALUE
     "#(31 28 31 30 31 30 31 31 30 31 30 31)")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LEAPP" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     "Return T if YEAR falls on a leap year.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "CURRENT-YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T) :DOCUMENTATION
     "Return the current year as a FIXNUM.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DAYS-IN-MONTH" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "MONTH" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NANOSECOND-PART" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "BIGNUM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MICROSECOND-PART" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "BIGNUM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MILLISECOND-PART" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "BIGNUM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SET-NANOSECOND-PART" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "BIGNUM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "NSECS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SET-MICROSECOND-PART" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "BIGNUM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "USECS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SET-MILLISECOND-PART" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "BIGNUM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MSECS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "FLOOR-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "RESOLUTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Reduce a fixed time to be no finer than RESOLUTION.

  For example, if the date is 2007-04-20, and the resolution is :month, the
date is floored to 2007-04-01.  Anything smaller than the resolution is
reduced to zero (or 1, if it is a day or month being reduced).")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "FIND-SMALLEST-RESOLUTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "STEP-BY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Examine the property list STEP-BY and return the smallest unit of time
specified.

  For example, given the following property list:

  (:DAY 10 :HOUR 5 :MINUTE 2)

The result is :MINUTE.")
    (:TYPE :TYPE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T) :DOCUMENTATION
     "Return a fixed point in time relative to the time of the call.  ARGS is a
property list giving a specific precision for the return value.

  If the keyword argument :NOW is given, all else is ignored; this is
equivalent to calling LOCAL-TIME:NOW.

  Otherwise, any keyword arguments given override their corresponding elements
in the current time.  Further, any elements smaller in resolution than the
finest specified element are reduced to 0 or 1, according to their position.

  For example, assuming the current time is \"@2007-11-17T23:02:00.000\",
compare these outputs:

  (fixed-time :month 4) => @2007-04-01T00:00:00.000
  (fixed-time :day 10)  => @2007-11-10T00:00:00.000
  (fixed-time :hour 15) => @2007-11-17T15:00:00.000

This behavior makes it very easy to return a fixed time for \"april of this
year\", etc.  If you wish to determine the date of the previous April, while
preserving the current day of the month, hour of the day, etc., then see the
function PREVIOUS-TIME.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Return a fixed point in time relative to the time of the call.  ARGS is a
property list giving a specific precision for the return value.

  If the keyword argument :NOW is given, all else is ignored; this is
equivalent to calling LOCAL-TIME:NOW.

  Otherwise, any keyword arguments given override their corresponding elements
in the current time.  Further, any elements smaller in resolution than the
finest specified element are reduced to 0 or 1, according to their position.

  For example, assuming the current time is \"@2007-11-17T23:02:00.000\",
compare these outputs:

  (fixed-time :month 4) => @2007-04-01T00:00:00.000
  (fixed-time :day 10)  => @2007-11-10T00:00:00.000
  (fixed-time :hour 15) => @2007-11-17T15:00:00.000

This behavior makes it very easy to return a fixed time for \"april of this
year\", etc.  If you wish to determine the date of the previous April, while
preserving the current day of the month, hour of the day, etc., then see the
function PREVIOUS-TIME.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "YEAR-OF" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MONTH-OF" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DAY-OF" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "HOUR-OF" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MINUTE-OF" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SECOND-OF" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MILLISECOND-OF" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MICROSECOND-OF" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NANOSECOND-OF" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DAY-OF-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)) :DOCUMENTATION
     "Return the day of the week associated with a given FIXED-TIME.
The result is a FIXNUM with 0 representing Sunday, through 6 on Saturday.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "FALLS-ON-WEEKEND-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Return T if the given FIXED-TIME occurs on a Saturday or Sunday.")
    (:TYPE :STRUCT :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :SUPER-CLASS-LIST
     ((:NAME "STRUCTURE-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL :SLOT-LIST
     ((:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "YEARS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "MONTHS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "DAYS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "HOURS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "MINUTES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "SECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "MILLISECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS
       NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "MICROSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS
       NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "NANOSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS
       NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)))
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAKE-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (((:NAME "YEARS" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM745" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       0)
      (((:NAME "MONTHS" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM746" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       0)
      (((:NAME "DAYS" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM747" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       0)
      (((:NAME "HOURS" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM748" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       0)
      (((:NAME "MINUTES" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM749" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       0)
      (((:NAME "SECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM750" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       0)
      (((:NAME "MILLISECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM751" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       0)
      (((:NAME "MICROSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM752" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       0)
      (((:NAME "NANOSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM753" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       0))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Create a DURATION object.

  One thing to note about duration: there is no way to determine the total
length of a duration in terms of any specific time quantity, without first
binding that duration to a fixed point in time (after all, how many days are
in a month if you don't know which month it is?)  Therefore, those looking for
a function like \"duration-seconds\" are really wanting to work with ranges,
not just durations.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "WITH-SKIPPERS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Given a FIXED-TIME, add the supplied DURATION.

  Example (reader notation requires calling LOCAL-TIME:ENABLE-READ-MACROS):

  (add-time @2007-05-20T12:10:10.000 (duration :hours 50))
    => @2007-05-22T14:10:10.000

  NOTE: This function always adds the largest increments first, so:

  (add-time @2003-01-09 (duration :years 1 :days 20)) => @2004-02-29

If days has been added before years, the result would have been
\"@2004-03-01\".")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "BOUNDED-ADD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "LEFT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RIGHT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "BOUND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "A bounded addition operator.  Returns: VALUE CARRY.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "BOUNDED-SUBTRACT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "LEFT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RIGHT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "BOUND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "A bounded subtraction operator.  Returns: VALUE CARRY.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-YEARS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "YEARS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-YEARS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "YEARS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-MONTHS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MONTHS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-MONTHS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MONTHS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-DAYS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "DAYS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-DAYS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "DAYS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-HOURS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "HOURS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-HOURS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "HOURS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-MINUTES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MINUTES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-MINUTES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MINUTES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-SECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "SECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-SECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "SECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-MILLISECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MILLISECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-MILLISECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MILLISECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-MICROSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MICROSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-MICROSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MICROSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-NANOSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "NANOSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-NANOSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "NANOSECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-DIFFERENCE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "LEFT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RIGHT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Compute the duration existing between fixed-times LEFT and RIGHT.

  The order of left or right is ignored; the returned DURATION, if added to
the earlier value, will result in the later.

  A complexity of this process which might surprise some is that larger
quantities are added by ADD-TIME before smaller quantities.  For example, what
is the difference between 2003-02-10 and 2004-03-01?  If you add years before
days, the difference is 1 year and 20 days.  If you were to add days before
years, however, the difference would be 1 year and 21 days.  The question, do
you advance to 2004 and then calculate between 2-10 and 3-01, or do you move
from 2-10 to 3-01, and then increment the year?  This library chooses to add
years before days, since this follows human reckoning a bit closer (i.e., a
person would likely flip to the 2004 calendar and then start counting off
days, rather than the other way around).  This difference in reckoning can be
tricky, however, so bear this in mind.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ADD-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "LEFT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RIGHT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Add one duration to another.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUBTRACT-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "LEFT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RIGHT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Subtract one duration from another.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MULTIPLY-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "LEFT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "MULTIPLIER" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Add one duration to another.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-STEPPER" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-GENERATOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "START" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SCAN-TIMES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "START" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "This macro represents continguous time durations as a SERIES.

  Example:

  (subseries (scan-times @2007-11-01 (duration :months 1)) 0 10)

  `UNTIL-IF' can be used to bound the end of the range by a date:

  (collect (until-if #'(lambda (time)
                          (local-time:timestamp>= time @2009-01-01))
                     (scan-times @2007-11-01 (duration :months 1))))")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LOOP-TIMES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FORMS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "START" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Map over a set of times separated by DURATION, calling CALLABLE with the
start of each.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAP-TIMES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "CALLABLE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "START" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Map over a set of times separated by DURATION, calling CALLABLE with the
start of each.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LIST-TIMES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "START" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Return a list of all times within the given range.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DO-TIMES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     (((:NAME "VAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "START" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       ((:NAME "RESULT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
        (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
      (:NAME "&BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION "A 'do' style version of the functional MAP-TIMES macro.

The disadvantage to DO-TIMES is that there is no way to ask for a reversed
time sequence, or specify an inclusive endpoint.")
    (:TYPE :STRUCT :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :SUPER-CLASS-LIST
     ((:NAME "STRUCTURE-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL :SLOT-LIST
     ((:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "MONTH" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "DAY-OF-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :ACCESSORS
       NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "DAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "HOUR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "MINUTE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "SECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "MILLISECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS
       NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "MICROSECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS
       NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "NANOSECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS
       NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)))
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAKE-RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (((:NAME "YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2017" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "MONTH" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2018" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2019" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "DAY-OF-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2020" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "DAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2021" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "HOUR" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2022" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "MINUTE" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2023" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "SECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2024" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "MILLISECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2025" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "MICROSECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2026" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "NANOSECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM2027" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "RANGE-DEC" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "VALUE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "MIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MAX" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "RANGE-INC" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "VALUE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "MIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "MAX" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "ENCLOSING-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Return a DURATION which, if applied to a time, causes NEXT-TIME to move to
the next matching occurrence of that time pattern.

  For example, if you ask for ':day 18' on Nov 18, it will return the same
time back to you.  If you add enclosing duration for that relative time to Nov
18 and then ask again, you'll get Dec 18.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DETAILS-MATCH-RELATIVE-TIME-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP
      NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "NSEC" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "SS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "MM" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "HH" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "DAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "MONTH" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "DAY-OF-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "DAYLIGHT-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "TIMEZONE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "TZ-ABBREV" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Return T if the given time elements honor the details in RELATIVE-TIME.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MATCHES-RELATIVE-TIME-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Return T if the given FIXED-TIME honors the details in RELATIVE-TIME.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "ACCEPT-ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "RECURSIVE-CALL" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Compute the first time after FIXED-TIME which matches RELATIVE-TIME.

  This function finds the first moment after FIXED-TIME which honors every
element in RELATIVE-TIME:

  (next-time @2007-05-20 (relative-time :month 3)) => @2008-03-20

  The relative time constructor arguments may also be symbolic:

  (relative-time :month :this)
  (relative-time :month :next)
  (relative-time :month :prev)

  To find the date two weeks after next February, a combination of NEXT-TIME
and ADD-TIME must be used, since \"next February\" is a relative time concept,
while \"two weeks\" is a duration concept:

  (add-time (next-time @2007-05-20 (relative-time :month 2))
            (duration :days 14))

NOTE: The keyword arguments to RELATIVE-TIME are always singular; those to
DURATION are always plural.

  The following form resolves to the first sunday of the given year:

  (next-time (previous-time @2007-05-20 
                            (relative-time :month 1 :day 1))
             (relative-time :week-day 0))

  This form finds the first Friday the 13th after today:

  (next-time @2007-05-20 (relative-time :day 13 :day-of-week 5))

NOTE: When adding times, NEXT-TIME always seeks the next time that fully
honors your request.  If asked for Feb 29, the year of the resulting time will
fall in a leap year.  If asked for Thu, Apr 29, it returns the next occurrence
of Apr 29 which falls on a Friday.  Example:

  (next-time @2007-11-01
             (relative-time :month 4 :day 29 :day-of-week 4))
    => @2010-04-29T00:00:00.000")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "ACCEPT-ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "This function is the reverse of `NEXT-TIME'.  Please look there for more.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME-STEPPER" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME-GENERATOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SCAN-RELATIVE-TIMES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LOOP-RELATIVE-TIMES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FORMS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAP-RELATIVE-TIMES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "CALLABLE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Map over a set of times separated by DURATION, calling CALLABLE with the
start of each.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LIST-RELATIVE-TIMES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION "Return a list of all times within the given range.")
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DO-RELATIVE-TIMES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     (((:NAME "VAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       ((:NAME "RESULT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
        (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
      (:NAME "&BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "A 'do' style version of the functional MAP-RELATIVE-TIMES macro.

  The disadvantage to DO-RELATIVE-TIMES is that there is no way to ask for a
reversed time sequence, or specify an inclusive endpoint.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-MONDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-TUESDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-WEDNESDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-THURSDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-FRIDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-SATURDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-SUNDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-MONDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-TUESDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-WEDNESDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-THURSDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-FRIDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-SATURDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-SUNDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "REVERSE" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-MONDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-TUESDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-WEDNESDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-THURSDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-FRIDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-SATURDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-SUNDAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "YEAR-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MONTH-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUNDAY-WEEK-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MONDAY-WEEK-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DAY-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "HOUR-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MINUTE-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SECOND-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MILLISECOND-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MICROSECOND-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "YEAR-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MONTH-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUNDAY-WEEK-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MONDAY-WEEK-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DAY-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "HOUR-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MINUTE-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SECOND-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MILLISECOND-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MICROSECOND-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-MONTH" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-SUNDAY-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-MONDAY-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-DAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-HOUR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-MINUTE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-SECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-MILLISECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-MICROSECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-MONTH" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-SUNDAY-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-MONDAY-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-DAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-HOUR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-MINUTE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-SECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-MILLISECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "NEXT-MICROSECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-MONTH" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-SUNDAY-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-MONDAY-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-DAY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-HOUR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-MINUTE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-SECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-MILLISECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PREVIOUS-NANOSECOND" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :STRUCT :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :SUPER-CLASS-LIST
     ((:NAME "STRUCTURE-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL :SLOT-LIST
     ((:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "FIXED-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS
       NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       :ACCESSORS NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "FIXED-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS
       NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       :ACCESSORS NIL :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)))
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAKE-TIME-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (((:NAME "FIXED-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM5304" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM5305" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM5306" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "FIXED-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM5307" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM5308" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM5309" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM5310" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM5311" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP
      NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP
      NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-ANCHOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-WITHIN-RANGE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-WITHIN-BEGIN-END-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-NEXT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-PREVIOUS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "YEAR-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MONTH-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SUNDAY-WEEK-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MONDAY-WEEK-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DAY-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "HOUR-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MINUTE-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SECOND-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "BEGIN-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "END-INCLUSIVE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-YEAR-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-MONTH-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-SUNDAY-WEEK-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-MONDAY-WEEK-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-DAY-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-HOUR-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-MINUTE-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "THIS-SECOND-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :STRUCT :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :SUPER-CLASS-LIST
     ((:NAME "STRUCTURE-OBJECT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL :SLOT-LIST
     ((:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "STEP" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
      (:TYPE :CLASS-SLOT :SYMBOL
       (:NAME "SKIP" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :ACCESSORS NIL
       :READERS NIL :WRITERS NIL :DOCUMENTATION NIL)))
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAKE-TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (((:NAME "RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM6193" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "STEP" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM6194" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
      (((:NAME "SKIP" :PACKAGE-NAME "KEYWORD" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "DUM6195" :PACKAGE-NAME NIL :EXTERNALP NIL))
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "ARGS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-PERIOD-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-PERIOD-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-PERIOD-GENERATOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LOOP-TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FORMS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAP-TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "CALLABLE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "LIST-TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "DO-TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     (((:NAME "BEGIN-VAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "END-VAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NEXT-BEGIN-VAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       ((:NAME "RESULT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
        (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
      (:NAME "&REST" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SCAN-TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "COLLATE-BY-TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "ITEM-SERIES" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       ((:NAME "FUNCTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
        (:NAME "IDENTITY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))))
     :DOCUMENTATION
     "Return two series, one is a series of lists grouped by ranges within the
period, and the other is a series of ranges, each element of which corresponds
to the group elements in the same position within the first series.")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "SLEEP-UNTIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :VARIABLE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "*DATE-READTABLE*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL :INITIAL-VALUE "(COPY-READTABLE NIL)")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "IGNORE-CHARACTER" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "CHAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "READ-INTEGER" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "LENGTH" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "SKIP-WHITESPACE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "READ-FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "STR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "STRPTIME-DECODED" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "STRING" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "FORMAT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "*INPUT-TIME-FORMAT*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "STRPTIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "STRING" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "FORMAT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "*INPUT-TIME-FORMAT*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T))
      ((:NAME "DEFAULT-YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "STRFTIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "&KEY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "FORMAT" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
       (:NAME "*OUTPUT-TIME-FORMAT*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :MACRO :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "IF-LET" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((((:NAME "VAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
        (:NAME "VALUE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)))
      (:NAME "&BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      (:NAME "BODY" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :VARIABLE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "*TOKEN-STACK*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL :INITIAL-VALUE "NIL")
    (:TYPE :VARIABLE :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "*PARSER-READTABLE*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL :INITIAL-VALUE "(COPY-READTABLE NIL)")
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "READ-FROM-STREAM" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PEEK-TOKEN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "READ-TOKEN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "UNREAD-TOKEN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "TOKEN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/NUMBER" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/CARDINAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/ORDINAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/DAYS-OF-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/MONTHS-OF-YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/TIME-UNIT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/PERIOD-UNIT" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/TIME-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/DURATION-SPEC" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "MAKE-DURATION-RELATIVE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "DATA" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/TIME-REFERENCE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/QUALIFIED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "P/TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "IN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
      (:NAME "&OPTIONAL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
      ((:NAME "EOF-ERROR-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
       (:NAME "T" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "COMPILE-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "DATA" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "COMPILE-RELATIVE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "DATA" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "COMPILE-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL) :LAMBDA-LIST
     ((:NAME "DATA" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)) :DOCUMENTATION
     NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PARSE-TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "STRING" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "PARSE-TIME-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
     :LAMBDA-LIST ((:NAME "STRING" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T))
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL)
    (:TYPE :FUNCTION :SYMBOL
     (:NAME "TIME-PARSER-TESTS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP NIL)
     :LAMBDA-LIST (:NAME "NIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "COMMON-LISP" :EXTERNALP T)
     :DOCUMENTATION NIL))
   :EXTERNAL-SYMBOLS
   ((:NAME "COLLATE-BY-TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "ADD-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DO-OVER-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "STRPTIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "PARSE-TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "SUBTRACT-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DECREMENT-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "STRFTIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "FLOOR-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "STRPTIME-DECODED" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TIME-PERIODS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "FIND-SMALLEST-RESOLUTION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-END" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TIME-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DAY-OF-WEEK" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "FALLS-ON-WEEKEND-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "*OUTPUT-TIME-FORMAT*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "CURRENT-YEAR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "SLEEP-UNTIL" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "READ-FIXED-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TIME-PERIOD" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "LEAPP" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "PARSE-TIME-RANGE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TIME-PERIOD-GENERATOR" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TIME-RANGE-BEGIN" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TIME-DIFFERENCE" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "MAP-OVER-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "DURATION-SECONDS" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "ADD-DURATION" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "SUBTRACT-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "*INPUT-TIME-FORMAT*" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "TIME-WITHIN-RANGE-P" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)
    (:NAME "INCREMENT-TIME" :PACKAGE-NAME "PERIODS" :EXTERNALP T)))))
